Add cmake option/function to be able to skip mimick based tests (#21)
ros2/mimick_vendor: CMakeLists.txt

endmacro()

option(SKIP_MIMICK

>   "When ON, mimick is not going to be build and mimick based tests are not going to be run"

Reviewer: @ivanpauno nit
```suggestion
  "When ON, mimick is not going to be built"
```
The second half of the sentence jumps ahead of itself a bit.
